Tony Kaizen:
What's your name?
Malik:
It's Malik.
Tony Kaizen:
Malik. How old are you bro?
Malik:
29.
Tony Kaizen:
29. Where are you from?
Malik:
From Brooklyn.
Tony Kaizen:
Brooklyn?
Malik:
Yeah.
Tony Kaizen:
Alright, cool. So, Malik, can you describe, in your idea, of
the perfect day?
Malik:
Perfect day? Personally?
Tony Kaizen:
Yeah.
Malik:
Um, I wake up about 5:00, 5:30, um, take a shower.
I feed my dog, we go for a little walk, I go to the gym.
Tony Kaizen:
What kind of dog do you have?
Malik:
I have American bullies.
Tony Kaizen:
Amercian bullies. Okay.
Malik:
Yeah, I go...I go to the park and play a little bit, uh,
morning workouts are the best for me, to be honest. You know
what I'm saying? It wakes me up, get my mind ready for the
day. I go to work, I go to the office. You know what I'm
saying? I work at this corporate job right now.
Tony Kaizen:
Okay, doing what?
Malik:
I do like home health right now.
Tony Kaizen:
Home health.
Malik:
Yeah, I got three degrees. I'm about to go to law school.
Yeah. So I'm just doing this...
Tony Kaizen:
You're an underachiever, I think.
Malik:
Yeah, trying to. But um, after that, I mean, just chill,
meal prep, you know, just chill with my friends or
something, work out.
Tony Kaizen:
What's the diet look like? What do you typically eat or
prepare for your meal plan?
Malik:
Um, I eat salmon, a lot of green stuff, salads, jasmine
rice, um, chicken, and protein shakes, fruit smoothies. What
is that? Like...Ah-see-ya bowls. Eye. Whatever. A-C-A...
Tony Kaizen:
Açaí.
Malik:
Them bowls.
Tony Kaizen:
Yeah, yeah, yeah, I got you.
Malik:
I love 'em, bro. It's my guilty pleasure right there.
Tony Kaizen:
Okay, but let's say.. How often are you going out to eat?
Like eating fast food or something like that?
Malik:
Ah, to be honest with you, I'm more of like a, a social
eater, so I don't really go out to eat unless someone wants
to go... or unless someone wants hibachi or sushi, I love
that. If it ain't hibachi or sushi... Yeah, I love that,
though.
Tony Kaizen:
Okay.
Malik:
But if it's not that, then I really don't care to go out to
eat.
Tony Kaizen:
Where does the desire to be like such a healthy person comes
from? You're working out right now when we stopped you,
you're eating super healthy all the time.
Malik:
I ain't gonna hold you. I used to be big as hell, bro. I
used to be like 300. So I have two big brothers and they're
personal trainers so right now I weigh 225, so I dropped
from 300 to 225.
Tony Kaizen:
In what time period?
Malik:
Like a year and a half.
Tony Kaizen:
Oh, shit. Okay.
Malik:
Yeah, so now it's more of like a lifestyle for me, you know
what I'm saying? I just...it's not that I'm just scared to
go back to being...yeah, it is...I'm scared of going back to
being fat, but I'm just...I just have to be healthy, you
know what I'm saying? It's better. I tore my ACL three times
too playing sports when I was that big. Now I still play
sports and I don't have any issues or problems at all.
Tony Kaizen:
Yeah. Okay.
Malik:
Better lifestyle, period.
Tony Kaizen:
So you don't have like a particular weight goal, nothing
like that?
Malik:
Man, nah. At first when I was 300, it was 275, then it was
250, then it was 235. And then, I went all the way to 208. I
started lifting, just eating, bullshit. And then...but now
I'm at 225. So that was just more of like a, a look more
than a weight.
Tony Kaizen:
Okay, okay. So after you go to work, when you get home,
like, what's the rest of your evening typically look like?
Malik:
Sometimes if I work in the... well, I typically try to like,
run and lift in the morning, but I don't do that. So I lift
this morning. So I'm running right now, try to get miles and
so...um, I'm competitive. So me and my friends, we try to do
like 60-mile month challenges.
Tony Kaizen:
Oh, month.
Malik:
So every...so every day, I try to do a little bit of miles.
I mean, twenty miles a day. So I can equal like my sixty
(to) try to beat them (at the end of) the month. So that
kind of keeps me...like I'm going to work out anyway, but it
keeps me competitive and just keep me going...even if, like
today, I really want to come out here. But I gotta beat
them, you know what I'm saying? So...
Tony Kaizen:
That's nice!
Malik:
...that keeps me going. Yeah. Competition.
Tony Kaizen:
Yeah, man. Alright, so switching gears a little bit, what
are some of your pet peeves?
Malik:
Uh, I hate people who...too loud. People who are too loud.
People...if we go out to eat and they smack. I don't like
that.
Tony Kaizen:
What is "smacking", just in case people don't know what that
is? Can you tell us what...
Malik:
You see I got this gum? *Smack* *smack* *smack* I hate that!
Tony Kaizen:
Smackin'.
Malik:
Yes. That's smackin'. I can't stand that. Especially if we
out somewhere. You know, you're smackin'...I don't want to
see what's in your mouth.
Tony Kaizen:
Right.
Malik:
People that have bad hygiene, I don't like that. Or people
that's just messy. I don't really care for that. I like good
vibes. You know what I'm saying? Peace.
Tony Kaizen:
Hmm, okay, I dig it. Now, we out here asking people for
advice as well. So if you could give me a piece of advice
about anything, nothing specific, what advice would you give
me?
Malik:
Elevating yourself. You know, no matter what you do, who you
are, a little bit of progress is better than none at all.
You know what I'm saying? Set little goals that lead to big
goals that lead to wherever you want to go, to try to
succeed in life. I don't know what everybody's goals is but
I mean, that was mine. So every Sunday, you know I'll
write...I'll write goals out for the week and them goals,
you know what I'm saying, lead to monthly goals or lead to
bigger goals. I try to live my life like that every day.
Tony Kaizen:
So basically, whatever the goal is, no matter how big, just
try to break it down into smaller pieces and attack it that
way?
Malik:
Yeah, correct.
Tony Kaizen:
I dig it, I dig it.
Malik:
Just to be successful in life, you know, just...and be the
best person that you can be, you know what I'm saying?
Whatever you want to do, no matter what it is.
Tony Kaizen:
Where did you get that methodology from? Have you always
approached it that way or did somebody teach you that?
Malik:
I have three degrees, so two of my degrees is sociology. So
being around people and learning how they are and being
raised in Brooklyn, it wasn't like that all the time and all
my friends didn't have proper guidance. So it was just kind
of wild out there. It really is. You know what I'm saying?
So um, I moved...so moving to different states and then just
seeing how different people are. I like to help people.
Yeah, I like to make sure someone can uplift each other. You
know, I'm a part of a fraternity, too, and uplifting is
one...one thing that we're really, really big on.
Tony Kaizen:
And for anybody listening, what is a fraternity?
Malik:
Ah, a fraternity is really like a social group. I'm part
of...I'm part of Omega Psi Phi Fraternity, Inc. So one of
our biggest things is uplifting...uplift each other, but it
really is a big brotherhood. So I'm able to connect,
now...like I didn't really grow up with like a lot of people
that were so social or just wanted to help, you know,
everyone just kind of lean on each other, you know, whatever
we need, whatever you want to do, it's a big brotherhood. So
I have big brothers all around the world. I didn't even
know. I could go to any state...if I see, you know, purple
and gold or, you know, anything, you know, representing my
fraternity, then I just know, you know what I'm saying? That
I have a friend, I have a brother. Very uplifting.
Tony Kaizen:
That's what's up, man. Alright, so the last thing I would
like you to do, even though it's a little strange, is if you
could read each of these words one by one, because you know
I teach English or whatever, so for them to hear you
pronounce the words might be helpful.
Malik:
So I'm starting with "literally"?
Tony Kaizen:
Exactly, and just read 'em all...
Malik:
So...literally, schedule, choir, breakfast, vegetable,
rhythm, weird, February, culture, obviously, focus, button,
comfortable, curious, and bottle.
Tony Kaizen:
Thanks a lot, man. Malik, right?
Malik:
Yeah, Malik.
Tony Kaizen:
Appreciate you, man.
Malik:
What's your name, bro?
Tony Kaizen:
I'm Tony.
Malik:
Tony?
Tony Kaizen:
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Malik:
Nice to meet you!